hello baking monsters I hope you are
loving my 12 bake of Christmas I'm
simply enjoying it and I love sharing
verse festive recipe with you but next
recipe it's all about glamour it's a
take on a classic the creme brulee it is
it really a creme brulee or is it an ice
cream I will let you to decide tell you
some other room on the Christmas table
for the caramel add 200 gram of
granulated sugar into the thick base
saucepan and melt gently until golden so
my caramel is ready
lovely color it is too dark is taught to
become bitter and I'm just gonna pour it
over this tray line with baking paper
spread the caramel out evenly and leave
to cool and in the meantime I'm gonna
make the custard for the ice cream start
by separating six egg yolks into a bowl
take alpha liter of silver cream 250
milliliters of milk from the fridge all
I can see your eyes you're going what
alpha liter of cream I told you it's
gonna be the best custard on ice cream
ever
so those good together in the pan and
I'm gonna take that to the boil take a
vanilla pod 250 gram of golden caster
sugar put your egg yolks and mix well
and that's the good thing about using
vanilla pod for your ice cream because
compared to vanilla extract you will get
all this lovely little seed inside so
when you see them through the ice cream
it just look amazing and of course your
guests will know you've been using the
real stuff so this is pale and fluffy so
I'm gonna move to the stove who are
little of the cream over your vanilla
mixture and combined
sift the freaking custard into a ball
and now I'm gonna cook it nice and
gently till it start to thicken and
start to coat the back of my spoon so
that's it this is gonna be the base of
my vanilla ice cream I just need to let
it to cool down completely before we can
churn it in the ice cream machine pour
the cooled custard into your ice cream
machine I should take 45 to 50 minutes
for the ice cream to be publicly churn
so not completely sets on frozen but it
would be you know creamy and thick after
that we'll have to move it back to the
freezer to set from Philly try to resist
obviously not to start eating the ice
cream it is quite appetizing you have to
say
so time from a little party trick there
is no way I could brulee the top of an
ice cream because it will melt so I'm
just gonna create my own brulee effect
on the side and if we are my caramel has
now been reduced to fine dust so I'm
gonna keep that aside and I'm gonna grab
my vanilla ice cream put your ice cream
in a creme brulee ball then use a
palette knife flatten and smooth the ice
cream and just at the last minute we're
gonna sprinkle the special brulee on a
top and it will even look more like a
Beverly
so time for the surprise and I can
promise you something as soon as you're
gonna put them on the table the first
thing when your friend will do they're
gonna do the tap effect and because I do
you bad and unfortunately it's not gonna
crack as much as it should be but it
does look like a creme brulee you have
to admit it it's got all the different
shades of colors it could be a creme
brulee
this ice cream is so creamy and of
course we know why we got so much APO
cream inside and of course the burst of
a beautiful vanilla pod this is a great
surprise not just for the eye but for
the taste as well so I hope you are
getting in a Christmas spirit with all
this delicious recipe tomorrow and back
with an average CP so don't forget to
subscribe
you like to comment and tell your
friends
you